Out of box Ragas Metrics - Changelog & HC Article (#252)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-05.mdx

![Function Call Prompts](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/function-tests-edit.png)

## Out-of-Box Ragas Metrics

_May 7th, 2024_

Metric driven development for your LLMs and RAG pipelines is now easier than ever within Vellum!

Three new [Ragas metrics](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/index.html) - [Context Revelancy](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/context_relevancy.html), [Answer Relevance](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/answer_relevance.html) and [Faithfulness](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/faithfulness.html) are now available Out-of-Box in Vellum to ensure quality of your LLM systems.

> For more info, check out our new help center article on [Evaluating RAG Pipelines](/help-center/evaluating-rag-pipelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info, check out our new help center article on [Evaluating RAG Pipelines](//help-center/evaluation/evaluating-rag-pipelines).
```

> Metric driven development for your LLMs and RAG pipelines is now easier than ever within Vellum!
> 
> Three new [Ragas metrics](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/index.html) - [Context Revelancy](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/context_relevancy.html), [Answer Relevance](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/answer_relevance.html) and [Faithfulness](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/faithfulness.html) are now available Out-of-Box in Vellum to ensure quality of your LLM systems.
> 
> For more info, check out our new help center article on [Evaluating RAG Pipelines](/help-center/evaluation/evaluating-rag-pipelines).
> 
> ![Ragas metrics](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/ragas-metrics.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test-driven development for your RAG-based LLM pipelines is now easier than ever within Vellum!

Three new [Ragas metrics](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/index.html) – [Context Revelancy](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/context_relevancy.html), [Answer Relevance](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/answer_relevance.html) and [Faithfulness](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/faithfulness.html) – are now available out-of-box in Vellum. These can be used within Workflow Evaluations to measure the quality of a RAG system.

For more info, check out our new help center article on [Evaluating RAG Pipelines](/help-center/evaluation/evaluating-rag-pipelines).

![Ragas metrics](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/ragas-metrics.png)
```
